Document IL2125 and IL3058 transitive reference compatibility warnings (#50266)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot/index.md

These analyzers help to ensure that a library is compatible with Native AOT.

### Verify referenced assemblies are AOT-compatible

> When you enable AOT analysis for a library, you can optionally enable verification that all referenced assemblies are also marked as AOT-compatible by setting the `VerifyReferenceAotCompatibility` property to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable AOT analysis for a library, you can optionally enable verification that all referenced assemblies are also marked as annotated for AOT-compatibility by setting the `VerifyReferenceAotCompatibility` property to `true`:
```

These analyzers help to ensure that a library is compatible with Native AOT.

### Verify referenced assemblies are AOT-compatible

When you enable AOT analysis for a library, you can optionally enable verification that all referenced assemblies are also annotated for AOT compatibility by setting the `VerifyReferenceAotCompatibility` property to `true`:

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <IsAotCompatible>true</IsAotCompatible>
  <VerifyReferenceAotCompatibility>true</VerifyReferenceAotCompatibility>
</PropertyGroup>
```

When this property is enabled, the analyzer warns about any referenced assemblies that don't have the `IsAotCompatible` metadata. This helps ensure that all dependencies in your project are annotated for Native AOT compatibility. The warning that's emitted is [IL3058](warnings/il3058.md).

This verification is opt-in because:

- Not all AOT-compatible libraries have been updated to include the `IsAotCompatible` metadata.

> - The warning can be noisy if you have many dependencies that work correctly with Native AOT but aren't explicitly marked as such.

Reviewer: They have periods.
